Through this project I used copilot to help me clean a sales data file. I used some blocks of code and functions that came directly from Copilot's suggestions. Some functions that I used from copilot includes def load_data(file_path: str):. I prompted this by writing a comment saying that I wanted to upload a data file that I had in sales_data_raw. Furthermore, I also used block's of code from copilot's suggestions. An example of this is the section where I handled missing values. I promoted this by writign a comment on what I wanted to do and starting the line of code in which Copilot finished.
However, when using Copilot some of the suggestions were very general and could not specifically be applied to my code. In order to fix this I modified some of Copilot's code. I modofied Copilot's code by renaming variables and simplifying steps. I renamed varaibles such as I made it use sales_data. Furthermore, I also simpliied the steps when handling the missing values block of code. These changes were needed so that Copilot's suggestions match my code more specifically.
Through this project I was able to learn a lot about data cleaning in python and about using Copilot as a tool. I learned how it is much easier to code using Copilot because of the suggestions that it provides. This is a strength of using Copilot as it makes the coding experience easier. However, a limitation of using Copilot is that it provides general code structures and in order to fix this you have to be specific in the comments that you provide and have to modify copilot's suggestions. For example, I had to do this when handling the missing values in my project.
